Ok how to read
Study at two companies
Which one will skyrocket in valuation?
If you say I
You must break off the engagement with me
And for your actions today
Kneel down and apologize to me
It's ok.
What if you lose?
Joke
I will never lose
Since you are so confident
I don't care what I'm offering.
Certainly.
If you lose, Miss Zhang
Then come with me
Wedding candle
Fly together
Prodigal son
You won't lose anyway
What are you afraid of?
Hello me and you
Don't be like a turtle grudge
This kind of thing only needs to be tasted once
You will know the wonderful taste
Trust me.
Just once
You will fall deeply in love
Indulge in it
Inextricable
Shameless
Since you are so confident
Why not give that to the Denin era?
Invest 10 billion
bluff
I know you dare not
Great opportunity to make money like this
How can you get by investing only 1 billion?
Now I will fully acquire and your era
In addition
I think our bet
Can be a little bigger than him
Let's bet on the valuation of the Denning era
A tenfold increase in ten days
If it doesn't go up, I lose
If it doesn't go up
The position of Zhang Jiaqixin as Chief Investment Officer
mighty
Ok me and you